[Docs] SSL-config related changes in the SequelizeORM docs (#12811)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/preview/drivers-orms/nodejs/sequelize-yugabytedb.md

  }
]
```

> ## Specifying SSL configuration:
> 
> This configuration can be used while connecting to a YB Managed cluster or a local YB cluster with SSL enabled.
> 
> - Install `fs` package to read the ssl certificate using:
> ```
> npm install fs
> ```
> - Add the following line to use the `fs` module:
> ```
> const fs = require('fs');
> ```
> - Use the following configuration in `models/index.js` file in the following way while creating sequelize object:
> ```
> const sequelize = new Sequelize("<db_name>", "<user_name>","<password>" , {
>     dialect: 'postgres',
>     port: 5433,
>     host: "<host_name>",
>     dialectOptions: {
>         ssl: {
>             rejectUnauthorised: true,
>             ca: fs.readFileSync('<path_to_root_crt>').toString(),
>         }
>     }
>   });
> ```

Reviewer: Gotta use markdownlint... Also, this should be a numbered list.

````suggestion

## Specifying SSL configuration

This configuration can be used while connecting to a YB Managed cluster or a local YB cluster with SSL enabled.

1. Install the `fs` package to read the SSL certificate:

    ```sh
    npm install fs
    ```

1. Add the following line to use the `fs` module:

    ```js
    const fs = require('fs');
    ```

1. Use the following configuration in the `models/index.js` file when you create the sequelize object:

    ```js
    const sequelize = new Sequelize("<db_name>", "<user_name>","<password>" , {
        dialect: 'postgres',
        port: 5433,
        host: "<host_name>",
        dialectOptions: {
            ssl: {
                rejectUnauthorised: true,
                ca: fs.readFileSync('<path_to_root_crt>').toString(),
            }
        }
      });
    ```
````

]
```

> ## Using Cloud Cluster to connect with Seqeulize:

Reviewer 2: Can this be something like "Specifying SSL configuration"?
And then we can mention that this is required if one is connecting to a YB Managed cluster or even a local YB cluster with SSL enabled.
